Previously on "How To Get Away
With Murder"...
They're her
therapy sessions with Sam.
Young Annalise: Solomon Vick was
screwing our client's wife.
Got her pregnant, too.
Your dad wasn't the client,
Michaela.
He's the lawyer.
Denver was keeping files
on all of you.
I destroyed them
already.
So no yelling at me
for hiring Bonnie.
Can I yell at you for not
telling me that you have a wife?
You recognize this girl?
Felix:
They said they'd kill me
if I talked to anyone
about where I dropped her.
Hey, Frank.
You need to give us help
to close one of ours.
What case?
Annalise Keating.
We have a dead informant
on our hands, Michaela.
[ Wheezing ]
I need help in here!
Help! Help!
Connor, Connor.
Stay with me, Connor.
It's gonna be okay. You're okay.
What's going on?!
Is Connor okay?!
Someone answer me,
please!
What's wrong with Connor?!
Tell me what's wrong!
Please, Connor.
No, no, no.
[ Whimpering ]
♪♪
[ Dialing ]
[ Ringing ]
[ Click ]
Banker:
Bermuda North Atlantic Bank.
May I please have
your personal access code?
Bravo, Bravo, Tango,
Whiskey, Echo, 8-1-1-2.
Thank you.
How may I help you today?
I'd like to make a transfer
into my account.
Certainly.
What was the amount?
$50,000.
Young Annalise: Maybe I've just
been using Eve
as some kind of an escape.
Young Sam:
An escape from what?
Me. Hating myself.
You don't hate yourself
around Eve?
No. I like myself more
when I'm with her.
What's the problem
with liking yourself?
Liking myself
isn't the problem.
It's how I got there.
You mean falling in love
with Eve?
Falling in love
with a woman.
[ Scoffs ]
That crap might fly
in a white family, but mine...
My father would stick me
in a mental clinic
if he found out.
And why does your
father's opinion of you matter
if you're happy?
I didn't say I was happy.
[ Knock on door, door opens ]
Wake 'n bake, baby!
Ooh!
Uh, it's a work day.
A work day.
What's that?
You know, someone at C&G
is gonna notice that you
haven't been there in weeks.
[ Muffled ] Until then,
I'm just gonna get high
and bake cookies!
Okay, everybody out.
I've got to pack.
For what?
Gabriel got us a cabin
in the Poconos for the weekend.
Oh, can I come?
Ooh, sexy.
No.
Oh, get him to take
a pic of his --
Okay. No. Get out.
I said out.
You don't want --
-Out! Get out!
-I was --
Yeah.
Annalise,
are you in love with Eve?
I don't know.
Maybe I'm just running
from everything
that happened to me.
Your uncle? The abuse?
Of course.
Happy first day
of the new job!
Here's some Buster's
to start the day,
greased up
and ready to work.
I'm too nervous to eat.
Aww. Everyone at C&G's
gonna love you, BonBon.
And if they don't,
they're gonna have to
answer to me.
Thank you.
But you're just here
to get a ride, right?
Yeah.
[ Chuckles ]
Happy masturbating,
Franky!
He didn't come home
last night.
One-night stand?
Probably.
Let's go.
Can I offer you
an alternative?
[ Door closes ]
That you're with Eve
not because
you're running from men,
but because you're running
to somewhere safe.
Banker:
Okay, we're all set.
The transfer has gone through.
And the balance?
With the current exchange rate,
$208,000.
Thank you.
[ Beep ]
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Beeping ]
[ Lock disengages ]
♪♪
[ Siren wails in distance ]
Nate: You get something
on Price?
No. It's about
Ronald Miller.
We have new evidence
leading us to believe
that he was not involved
in your father's death.
What evidence?
Something that will help close
your father's case.
But first you need to help us
close one of ours.
What case?
Annalise Keating.
♪♪
You're the FBI.
If there's a reason
to take Annalise down,
I'm sure you can do it
without my help.
Why do you keep sacrificing
yourself for her, Nate?
Before you met her,
you were a respected detective.
Leadership was eyeing you
for Captain.
What's your point?
That your entire career
was ruined
because Annalise Keating
framed you
for her husband's murder.
You have to want something
better for yourself
than whatever it is
you do these days.
I want my pops' case solved.
That's what I want.
So do we.
Just give us something
on Annalise.
And, hell, there might even be
a job for you here.
Special Agent Lahey.
It sounds good, right?
♪♪
Tegan: Carl, everyone
at Flirt Inferno
is sensitive to your complaint,
but under Section 230
under the Communications
Decency Act,
Ms. Turpin
cannot be held liable
for any discrimination felt
from the app's other users.
That said, we are prepared
to offer you $50,000.
As part
of the settlement,
obviously Ms. Turpin
will admit no liability.
Standard NDAs apply.
$50,000 so your client
can discriminate against mine?
My app unites people.
It does not discriminate.
Then why does it only pair me
with disabled women?
The users tell us
what they want,
and we give it to them.
I can't help it
if they're prejudiced.
But you profit off
that prejudice and --
Tegan: Flirt Inferno
is a digital platform,
which means it has
statutory immunity
from any bias
its users demonstrate.
Take the 50K.
[ Sighs ]
How are you okay with this?
The law is the law.
You changed the law
at the Supreme Court
on behalf of
poor people of color.
Now you're okay persecuting
a disabled man?
Since when is having
trouble dating persecution?
[ Scoffs ]
This is
an amended complaint
under Title II
of the Civil Rights Act.
What civil rights
are being violated?
My client
is being humiliated
in a place
of public accommodation.
It's on a dating app, Zeke,
not in a restaurant.
We're arguing
discrimination laws
applicable
to physical spaces
should be applied
to digital ones, as well.
[ Scoffs ] How much money
do you want, Carl?
$75,000? $100,000?
I don't want any money.
I want a fair shot at love,
just like everyone else.
That's something
I can't give you.
You can.
If you rewrite
your algorithm
to be more sensitive
to people like myself.
We'll give you 48 hours
to agree to change
the algorithm,
or we file in court.
[ Lever clicks,
wheelchair whirs ]
[ Door opens ]
Tegan: Wake up!
C&G just took on
a civil rights case,
and we are tapping
your brilliant minds to help.
Cool.
Civil rights is my forte.
Too bad it's one of our clients
violating them.
No one's
violating anything.
Robert?
Yeah.
Robert Hsieh, in-house counsel
for Flirt Inferno --
Asher:
I use Flirt Inferno.
That's great.
Then you know it's not biased.
Now we just got to find
some precedents to support that.
Uh, question. When did
this clinic stop being about
helping
the underprivileged?
Annalise: You mean
when Tegan drove to Maryland
to stop your dumb ass from
getting our clients deported?
Now, uh, this is the first time
I've ever heard of
anti-discrimination laws
for physical spaces
being applied
to the Internet.
So we are in
a whole new frontier of law.
[ Sniffs ] Just not
the final frontier.
That would be space law, right?
[ Chuckles ]
And when the laws fail us,
then we'll find dirt
on our plaintiff
to shut him up.
The disabled guy?
Just get Oliver to dig.
Where is he?
Working from home.
I never approved that.
Get him here now.
Oliver: [ Singing along ] ♪ And
now and then, I fall apart ♪
♪ And I need you now tonight ♪
♪ And I need you
more than ever ♪
♪ And if you only
hold me tight ♪
♪ We'll be holding on forever ♪
[ Cellphone rings ]
♪ And we'll only be
making it right ♪
You miss your sexy boo-thang
already?
Connor:
Not me. Tegan.
The jig is up.
And bring Michaela
so she can see me
flirting up an inferno.
Um, she's not here.
What? Where is she?
Gabriel rented a cabin
in the Poconos.
They'll be back Sunday.
♪♪
You paid how much
for these tickets?
It's fine.
I'll be able to afford my own
island once I prove paternity.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
So what's the plan?
You gonna rush the stage,
yank some of his hair out?
No. I just need
his water bottle.
Why not just talk to the guy?
He'll deny everything.
You don't know that.
This is the man
who knocked up my mother,
let her get shot,
then allowed his own daughter
to be raised
by white-trash swamp people.
Now he needs to pay me
for his sins.
What if you want
more than just his money?
You sound stupid.
[ Applause ]
Shh!
Thank you. Thank you.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Applause continues ]
Welcome.
I couldn't be more excited
about our keynote speaker.
He's a lawyer,
venture capitalist,
disrupter, a change-maker.
And the tech gods
in Silicon Valley
refer to him as
"the Money Magnet."
[ Laughter ]
Oh, and he also calls himself
a feminist. Fourth wave.
Without further ado,
please give a warm welcome
to Solomon Vick.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
Good to see you.
You too.
She left out next
President of the United States!
[ Laughs ]
[ Cheers and applause
continue ]
♪♪
Solomon, let's talk about
your sudden interest
in the women's space.
Oh, my interest in women
is not sudden, Kelly.
[ Chuckles ]
Business-wise, you've
taken on a feminist mantle,
something many women
in this audience
might find self-serving.
Let's be clear --
women have no power.
[ Audience murmuring ]
Quite frankly,
it's my belief
they never will.
Expand.
Power comes from money,
and today
only 3% of venture funds
go to women-led businesses,
with 2.2% almost exclusively
going to white women.
The only people to blame
for this inequality
are rich, powerful,
historically selfish men.
I kinda like him.
So you're saying
it's up to men
to save women
from this predicament?
What I'm saying is, men
typically invest their money,
while women donate it.
Now, until that changes,
it's on men
to right the financial wrongs
that they created,
and the best way to do that
is to invest in women.
Well, how do you
personally plan to do that?
As of today,
Vick Capital is opening
a $500 million fund
to invest solely
in women entrepreneurs.
[ Applause ]
Now, who wants some of that?
Anybody?
Because I cannot wait
to give it away.
[ Whooshing ]
I'm here. I'm here.
Michaela's dead body
show up on the porch yet?
Nope.
Are you still high?
Yup.
What am I doing?
Digging up dirt on this guy.
So we're the evil empire
again. Great.
I don't think
we're the bad guys here.
I've been swiping left and right
on this thing,
and not one of sign
of discrimination yet.
You're able-bodied.
And white.
Try using a dating app
when you're an Asian guy.
Well, it's not the app's fault
that people are horrible.
Connor:
I'm not sure about that.
The app asks, "Would you date
someone without a steady job?"
That's a biased question.
The unemployment rate
for people with disabilities
is more than twice the rate
of people without disability --
Booya! Take a look
at this matchy-match!
Would you be that excited
if she weren't a super-model?
I'm not gonna discriminate
against a woman
just 'cause
she's "foine."
[ English accent ] "Dearest
Lacey, how honored I feeleth
to match with a woman
as beauteous as you."
[ Chuckles ]
[ Whoosh ]
Annalise:
Here's how we can be done
with this case real fast --
Heidi changes
the algorithm.
Nah, she's not gonna do that.
Why not?
She's been designing that thing
for 10 years.
Doesn't mean
it's not trash.
Annalise.
No, no. No, she's right.
I agree.
I'd die before using
any dating app.
That's something only
a good-looking man could say.
You think I'm good-looking?
Let's just work.
So, what do you think,
Annalise?
You're okay.
No, I meant,
what are your feelings
about online dating?
Assuming you're single.
♪♪
Here's my
executive decision --
we file this response
under tortious interference,
prove there's economic harm
to Heidi's business.
See what you think.
♪♪
Danielle said you needed me?
Yes.
Bullet-point the Communications
Decency Act for me
and any cases involving
public-accommodations protection
extending
to the digital space.
Sure.
What's the case?
Flirt Inferno.
File's upstairs on my desk.
Mess up,
and you're fired.
♪♪
[ Door closes ]
What's this?
Tegan's divorce papers.
All her financials are listed.
Maybe there's something
linking her to Jorge or Xavier.
Not bad
for your first day.
Just see
what you can find.
♪♪
Nate: Here.
Lanford: How do Tegan Price's
divorce papers
help us with our case
against Keating?
They don't, but they might
help me solve my pops' murder.
Nate --
She has her assets listed.
Follow the money.
It probably leads to
the Castillos, the Governor.
Norris:
Even if that's true,
I assume she didn't just
give you these?
♪♪
You want my help.
First you need to help me.
♪♪
$20 almonds?
Why, yes, Daddy Warbucks.
We should order
room service.
How many lobsters
do you want?
What'd you say?
You know,
you don't have to stay.
I mean it.
I'm fine doing this alone.
Well, it's too late.
I'm here for you.
What are they
talking about now?
You want to listen?
Ew, no, it's weird.
So I'm weird. Got it.
Okay, maybe just
for a second.
Young Sam:
How's the sex?
Young Annalise: I don't
want to talk about that.
You were sexually abused.
It's important.
I didn't know they were
gonna talk about this.
When you're
having sex with Eve,
do you dissociate
or do you enjoy it?
Both.
So you'd say
Eve makes you feel good?
Sexually speaking?
Can we please talk
about something else?
Understanding
how you react to sex
is critical to understanding
your trauma, Annalise.
Eve makes me feel safe.
How does it feel?
Hmm?
Getting hit on at work.
It's like the fool
hasn't heard of "Me Too."
Well,
if he was hitting on me,
it's only 'cause
he works for the FBI.
'Cause no one can actually
find you attractive?
Is this about your wife?
She calls you once,
and now all you see is sex
everywhere you look?
Stop.
Why don't you call her?
What could it hurt?
Because she's seeing
someone else.
Patrick.
Ohh.
Sign the damn papers
already.
We won the case.
Carl's an incel.
A what?
"Involuntary celibate."
They're men who blame women
for not wanting to
have sex with them.
Carl wrote all of these
terrible things online.
♪♪
I hate the world.
Yeah, but not as much
as Carl hates women,
which means
he's a very bad, bad man.
We win.
♪♪
I assume you've decided
to change the algorithm?
No. What we've decided
is to spare Carl
from a public stoning.
He just needs to
drop the suit.
[ Chuckles ]
Why would I do that?
"Women are hopeless femoids
who'll never be
a man's mental equal."
"Girls like rape
'cause they're just whores
who want it rough."
Just imagine how much harder
it's gonna be
for you to get a date,
let alone win a lawsuit.
Carl: The only reason
I became an incel
is because I was sick
of all the rejection
that I experienced as a result
of your bigoted algorithm.
You are the bigot.
Okay,
we'll see you in court.
You'll lose.
It's not against the law
for me to be an incel,
but it is to discriminate
against one.
I'll give you
a million dollars.
You can't buy me.
$5 million.
Say a number.
This has never been
about the money.
I just want
the algorithm changed.
♪♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
She's only into you
for your money, jackass.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Whooshing ]
Asher: So what's
the appropriate waiting time
before I ask to move
into Laurel's room?
You're not gonna miss listening
to Michaela and Gabriel
hook up
through the wall?
I don't listen
to them...usually.
What are you doing?
Researching
the local gays.
How rude.
Us singles are out here
are trying to find love,
and you two are
on there just --
Looking for sex.
What?
Yeah. What?
[ Chuckling ]
I'm open if you are.
To a threesome?
Quiet. Since when?
Since forever.
You've never had one,
though.
Oli, you've never done
a threesome?
[ Ding ]
Ooh, we got a match.
Hot.
PReP, positive-friendly.
And he's got actual books
on his bookshelf.
That's more hot.
Should I message him?
Look, the --
the FBI or the Castillos
are gonna barge in here
any second,
so we might as well give them
a show when they do.
Yeah. Sure.
See if he responds.
"Hey there, handsome.
Open to couples?"
[ Whoosh ]
[ Sighs ]
I hate being straight.
[ Whooshing ]
♪♪
Annalise:
You lied to me.
No. No.
I do speak fluent Klingon,
but I'm still not teaching you.
You're on Flirt Inferno.
As are you,
apparently.
Oh, no,
just for research.
I don't put my actual face
on this.
No, no, no, you'd get
way too many matches.
[ Scoffs ]
That's not the point.
I know, Annalise.
This is called small talk.
You really should
try it sometime.
This isn't the only secret
you're keeping from me, is it?
Heidi offered Carl $5 million
like it was nothing.
But I looked up
Flirt Inferno's valuation --
not impressive.
So what are you
not telling us?
You know I can't say.
Again with the secrets.
You know, you think
this little act is cute,
but you're really
just pissing me off.
Okay.
She's betting
on her future.
Meaning?
Heidi is licensing
her algorithm
to the U.S. government
for $50 million.
[ Whistles ] $50 million?
We're in the wrong business.
Only if you're okay
with making money
off of discrimination.
Oh, come on.
The government is gonna use it
to weed out people of color
from housing,
employment applications,
all because an algorithm
deems them
as less than desirable.
You want that
to be part of your legacy?
You've got some nerve
talking to me about legacy.
Tegan, I know
I got blood on my hands,
but now is the time
that we have to make
things right.
We?
That's your legacy, Annalise,
not mine.
Really?
You wanna leave the world
worse off than you found it?
I want power.
I'm not shy about that.
We take on the world every day,
and it's still a mess.
Unarmed black men killed
for daring to live...
Yeah, but --
...and a legal system
with enough loopholes
to drown in.
So, yeah,
I want power to fix all of it.
You don't need to sell out
to the highest bidder
to do that.
I'm not selling out.
I'm getting what's mine, what
I have worked very hard for.
You hear me?
I gave up a hell of a lot,
and I'm not about to let
anyone snatch it away.
So get off your soapbox
and help me win this damn case.
♪♪
Solomon: Most people try to
band-aid our parity problem.
Now, they focus on equality,
ensuring everyone has equal
access, instead of equity.
How do you propose
we fix it?
Besides the $500 million
I pledged yesterday?
[ Laughter ]
Money can't solve
everything.
Well, then we need to act
on our beliefs,
which is what my firm does.
Now, we have wage parity among
my male and female employees,
and I'm very proud
of that.
Why are
they all clapping?
He's a con man.
They can hear you.
Good. They need to know.
Michaela.
Excuse me, Mr. Vick.
I have a question.
Actually,
let's wait until the Q&A.
Mr. Vick,
you claim to be devoted
to supporting women
in the professional space,
but do you hold yourself
to that same standard
in your own
personal life?
Oh, wow.
Um, your name?
Laurel Castillo.
Your answer?
I have made it a personal goal
to hold myself to account
in both my professional
and my personal life.
So, professionally,
you've never, say,
slept with a client?
[ Audience murmuring ]
Alright, let's move on --
Sleeping with anyone involved
in a case you work on
could get you disbarred.
I think I know that.
So you have
or haven't?
I have not.
Are you sure?
I'm not sure
we're on topic.
That behavior
would demonstrate
an affinity for exploiting
vulnerable women.
I would think
that could tarnish
the feminist legacy
of the great Solomon Vick.
Wouldn't you agree?
I would.
And any man
who does not agree
should be fired, disbarred,
all of it.
Now, does that answer
your question, Ms...?
Castillo.
Yes, I am very clear
on where you stand now.
Carry on.
[ Audience murmuring ]
Let's go over to Kibwe.
What's your take on parity
in the corporate world?
Let's call this a, uh,
bad news bear claw.
I prefer a doughnut.
I tried my best.
Heidi refuses to change
the algorithm.
Can't blame the woman.
She wants her money.
Here's my Hail Mary --
file a suit under
the Defend Trade Secrets Act
and claim he acquired
the algorithm
and misappropriated it.
And get an ex parte order
to seize his property
to prevent the dissemination
of the algorithm trade secret?
Exactly.
No.
Enough of you trying
to sabotage this case.
I'm telling you
how to win.
Carl wants women
like Heidi to burn?
♪♪
Let's give him
the match.
Asher: Hey, Carl.
Uh, you don't know me.
My name's Asher.
You work at C&G.
What the hell is this?
Look, I could get fired
for telling you this.
So don't.
Heidi's selling her algorithm
for $50 mil.
That's why she won't change it.
Why tell me?
'Cause everything that's
gone wrong with my life
is because of stupid sluts
like Heidi.
I'm not saying that.
Then you're fired.
Everyone already thinks
I'm some frat bro meathead.
Why do you think
we're asking you?
We're not asking.
We're telling.
Or maybe you're okay
with letting the Nazis win?
Life was better
before dating apps.
Men -- we used to
ask women out.
We would tell them what to do,
how to dress.
Now women think
they have all the power,
that they can say no.
That's Heidi's fault.
We don't actually
talk like that.
♪♪
Here's how
you win your case.
What's that?
Heidi's passwords.
There's no way in hell
I'm giving you my passwords.
What, your privacy
is more important to you
than a $50 million
government contract?
In what world do we give
my number-one enemy
access to things
that could destroy me?
Robert: It's Carl's lawsuit
that'll destroy you,
not some salacious video
or photo.
[ Sighs ]
Carl: How do you know
there's anything to find?
Come on, Carlito.
She's a whore.
I knew from the second
I saw her.
♪♪
Has Ms. Turpin decided
to meet my client's demands?
Or are we going to trial?
Trial.
Just not
the one you think.
Your client posted this
on Reddit a few hours ago.
Heidi: This is your chance
to put me to work.
Just say the word,
and I'll do it.
Oh, my God, is that --
Yours truly.
I look good, right?
You're the boss.
Tegan: Carl, are you aware
that uploading sex tapes
onto the Internet
without consent
constitutes
sexual assault?
Carl: [ Scoffs ]
I didn't upload that.
But I thank whoever did.
This won't look good
to your board, huh?
I don't know.
Kim K.
wasn't hurt by hers.
Annalise, didn't you say
our I.T. expert
pinged that upload
to Carl's I.P. address?
I did.
Then I was hacked.
Just like you hacked
our client's personal accounts?
Something I'm sure
a search warrant will find out.
Tegan: And then comes
our lawsuit against you --
for defamation,
harassment, sextortion,
and conspiracy.
Ooh, that's a lot
of jail time.
What -- What is that,
like, 10 years?
Annalise: I bet that $5 million
you turned down
looks real good
right about now.
You set me up.
I'll prove it.
Zeke: Carl, sometimes
there comes a point
to throw in the towel.
I disagree.
I'll die before surrendering
to a room full of women.
♪♪
Norris: We looked at
Ms. Price's divorce papers,
as you suggested,
and something in her financials
caught our eye.
Ms. Price owns stock
worth a half a millions dollars
in a company called
Barrington Holdings.
And?
Guess who owns it.
Laurel Castillo.
This is it -- our proof.
Of what?
Tegan owns stock
in a company Laurel owns.
Or it's just in her name.
Or Tegan is the one
who helped Laurel disappear
and the stock
is how Laurel paid her.
♪♪
What's your endgame?
President of the incels?
I just want
the matches I deserve.
Oh.
You know what?
That's your problem --
"deserve."
Only thing you deserve
is a kick in the ass.
You dump your pain on women
as if it's your birthright
'cause you don't think
anyone understands
what you're going through.
Everybody's
going through something.
People stare at you
in the supermarket?
Ask how sex works for you?
Reject you?
I'm a dark-skinned
black woman.
Rejection has been my theme song
my entire life.
Intimidating, unwanted,
undesirable.
There are men that don't find me
sexual or attractive.
They see me as a threat.
And I've hated them for it.
But that hate has poisoned me,
not them.
I know you're looking
for a woman to love.
Why don't you start
loving yourself?
♪♪
Carl dropped the suit.
And he's agreed to a permanent
injunction stipulation.
How'd you do get him
to agree?
Trade secret.
You're welcome.
Yes. Thank you
[chuckles] so much.
All of you are amazing,
a real dream team.
You don't agree with me,
I know, but --
Wrong. I don't like you.
Annalise.
You're perpetuating racism,
sexism, homophobia, you name it.
And you're handing it
to a dangerously flawed
government for coin,
selling out the potential of so
many brilliant people to come.
That's not worth
all the money in the world.
Heidi:
You're condemning me?
Didn't you get famous
getting rapists and killers
out of jail?
Yeah.
And I'm probably
going straight to hell.
I'll see you there,
Heidi.
[ Door opens ]
Robert: Annalise!
Annalise!
Great job in there
with the takedown of
Mr. Hatemonger and my boss.
I haven't enjoyed
a double feature like that
since the Jimmy Stewart
retrospective at the Algonquin.
Robert, are you hitting on me?
Hmm?
Maybe you're gay
or just nice,
but people think
that you're hitting on me.
Well, which answer convinces you
to have a drink with me?
I don't drink.
Oh.
How about dinner then?
I already ate.
Dessert?
[ Sighs ]
You know what?
I have a lot on my plate.
Dating isn't a good idea.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
Ah.
♪♪
I like ice cream.
-Stop cooking.
-Why?
Ravi wants to come over tonight.
Dinner's canceled.
You two aren't actually going
through with this, are you?
Uh, yeah, we are.
I think?
Yeah. It was my idea.
I just need to manscape.
I'll help.
Asher: What about me?
My balls
aren't that hairy.
No. I mean
why does no one want me?
Girls say
they want a nice guy,
and -- and I -- I think I am,
or at least I try to be,
but what's the point
of being nice
if they don't even
want me?
Unless the point of
how much respect I give a woman
should not be about
getting laid.
God, am I a baby incel?
No, of course not.
You're overreacting.
Michaela is dating literally
the last person on Earth
that she should be dating.
Michaela has terrible taste.
Well, I don't.
And...I want someone...
and not just a super-model,
but someone who's friendly
and funny and --
[ Cellphone dings ]
Oh,
I take that all back.
What?
Why?
Lacey, who happens to be
a super-model,
wants to hang out
at my place tonight.
Looks like you two
are not the only ones
getting lucky tonight.
Daddy is back in action!
Yeehaw!
[ Knock on glass ]
Here's the research
on the CDA,
starting with Title V
from 1996.
Did I screw up?
No. I did, by forgetting
I asked you to do all this.
The case is over. We won.
I'm sorry.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
♪♪
I'll go.
No.
I'm too tired for that
tonight.
You settling in?
Let me know if anyone
messes with you.
I read
your divorce papers.
When I was getting Heidi's file,
I saw them on your desk.
You're fired.
You shouldn't sign them.
Okay, you --
Is your brain okay?
Listen --
We are not friends.
You do not get
to read my diary.
I don't care about
your personal life.
I care about
being a good lawyer,
and I would be a bad lawyer
if I didn't tell you
I think you're getting screwed
on this deal.
Why shouldn't I sign?
The Barrington stock --
it's made money
since you and Cora split.
Doubled.
And since Cora left you,
there's no way
she should be getting
half of those new dividends.
She can have it all.
It's worth $500,000.
It's blood money
from the Castillos.
Jorge gifted me
that stock years ago,
back when I worked
at C&G in Mexico, and...
...I regret what I did
to get it.
♪♪
However,
I won't regret killing you
if you ever
go through my stuff again.
I'm sorry.
It won't happen again.
Young Annalise: Sleeping with
a man is easy. Or a woman.
Sex isn't complicated.
Young Sam:
Most patients I see
think sex
is extremely complicated.
I think the part where you
have to talk to each other
is more complicated.
[ Door beeps ]
We've got an in!
He just sat down to dinner
with a new lady friend,
so that should give us enough
time to break into his room.
It's 921.
Wait. What?
You just have to go
to the front desk and
say that you're him.
You realize that
I could get arrested.
Well,
only if you screw up.
Look, just go talk to him.
Tell him who you are.
[ Sighs ]
Why did you come here
if you didn't want to help me?
I want to help you,
but you don't even
want to hear his side.
He abandoned me.
That's his side.
Well, at least
he's still alive.
Meanwhile,
I'm here eavesdropping
on Annalise's sex life
to learn something
about my father,
when you could literally
go talk to your dad right now.
Instead, you're fixated
on destroying him.
He deserves to be destroyed.
Alright.
Well, your anger isn't
letting you hear me right now.
Nice line.
Did you pick that up from
Sam's creepy-therapist bit?
I'm trying to level with you.
You mean control me.
Protect you...
[ Scoffs ]
...so you don't go breaking
into a man's hotel room
to steal his DNA.
Asher would do it
for me.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
You know,
maybe this is why
people leave you --
because you won't listen
to anyone but yourself.
Get out.
See?
We can't even
have a fight.
Gabriel,
if you can't support me
on my journey
to find peace and closure
the way
I have decided to,
then I don't
want you here.
Please leave.
Now!
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Knock on door ]
Woman: Turn-down service!
[ Door beeps ]
Oh, hi. Sorry.
I came to change
before dinner.
Uh, can you come back?
Of course.
Appreciate it.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
[ Door beeps ]
♪♪
[ Water running ]
Solomon: Hey.
I-I must've entered
the wrong room, uh...
♪♪
I know you, Michaela.
[ Stammers ]
♪♪
[ Gasping ]
-Cheers.
-[ Chuckles ]
-Mm.
-Ahh.
-Oh, that's good.
Oliver: Okay, so, um, should
we set some ground rules
or, um, talk about
the process or --
I love that.
What are your guys' rules?
Whatever you want.
[ Chuckles ]
No, not whatever you want.
Don't worry.
I'm pretty standard
when it comes to the kinks.
I just hope kissing
isn't off the menu.
I like kissing.
Should we kiss?
Right now?
Um...
Do you want me
to go first?
Um, no.
Uh -- Or maybe.
I just -- I-I don't know.
Somebody just
do something.
[ Laughs ]
What?
Uh, I-I-I just thought
that this would be harder.
[ Laughs ]
Harder like this?
[ Chuckling ]
And off we go.
♪♪
Your most embarrassing
secret.
You go first. Go.
Never gonna happen.
Okay.
I will settle for your
second most embarrassing secret,
but that is
my final offer.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What just happened?
Where'd you go?
Just say it.
Tell me you don't work
for the FBI.
Wow.
You don't really think that
that's the only way
anyone would
want to date you.
It takes one Google search
to find all the reasons
why someone wouldn't
want to date me.
Pretty quick Google search,
yeah.
So why are you here?
'Cause I want to be.
Mm.
I like your mind.
I'm an alcoholic.
A bad one.
My second most
embarrassing secret.
Oh. [ Laughs ]
Right.
I have bad credit.
[ Laughing ] That's not
embarrassing enough.
Oh, no?
Mnh.
Why don't you try
being a single man my age,
a lawyer no less,
and having to come out
to potential romantic partners
as broke.
Try that.
Mm.
Well, you know, everyone thinks
that I killed my husband.
Yeah.
You didn't, I hope?
No.
But no one believes me.
They all think I'm mean,
selfish, a bully.
'Cause I am.
I got anger issues.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah. I'm getting that.
And that's just the surface,
topsoil,
'cause underneath
all this...it's messy.
I'm messy...broken.
We all are.
Doesn't mean
I don't want to know you.
Look, Annalise,
I'm not here to fix you.
I'm too old for that...
and for this
whole chase thing
that you clearly
want me to do.
I'll pursue you.
I'll pursue you all day.
Hell, I'll --
I'll even eat this ice cream,
despite the fact
that I'm lactose intolerant.
But I won't chase.
♪♪
I hope that's enough.
Young Annalise: It's over.
I broke up with Eve.
Young Sam: Really?
Why are you acting
surprised?
Because I am.
Last time you were here,
things were going well
with Eve.
So what happened?
I met someone else.
♪ Look behind the wall ♪
♪ Catch it creeping ♪
♪ Behind you ♪
♪♪
♪ The force that runs it all ♪
♪ Chaos, mercy ♪
♪ And good truth ♪
♪♪
♪ Why do I always do this ♪
♪ To myself? ♪
Hey.
I was hoping
to see you again.
Please sit.
Only if I get to ask you
whatever questions
I want.
Okay.
♪ Till we're
running out of time ♪
Can I, uh --
Can I get you a drink?
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
When did you know
it was me?
The panel, while you, uh,
were prosecuting me.
How?
♪♪
I've been waiting for this day
for a long time.
♪♪
We got this, junior.
[ Knock on door ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
[ Irish accent ]
Welcome to the castle, me lady.
[ Normal voice ]
What are you --
What -- What are you doing here?
Okay, just hear me out.
No. Chloe, go away. I have
a girl about to come over.
How am I supposed to explain
that my sister's here?
I'm her, Asher.
You -- You catfished me?
Please.
I just want to talk.
♪ Walking on the ledge ♪
♪ Balanced, tilting,
correcting ♪
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
♪ Looking off the edge ♪
♪ Miles downward, expecting ♪
[ Ringing ]
Cora: It's Cora Duncan.
I'll get back to you
as soon as possible.
[ Beep ]
Okay. I'm ready.
Let's finally do the thing.
Nate: You're being naive.
Bonnie: No.
Jorge gave Tegan that stock,
not Laurel.
According to Tegan.
Why would she tell me
all of that if it weren't true?
Because she knows
we're on to her.
Or you're wrong about her.
Don't be foolish.
Just like maybe
I'm wrong about you.
♪♪
[ Cellphone dings ]
♪ Why do I always do this ♪
♪ To myself, to myself? ♪
[ Knock on door ]
♪ Wait till we're running
out of time ♪
Whatever this is,
I don't want it.
[ Door closes ]
It was all you.
Get out of my house.
You said he was bad guy.
Who?
But it was you
who manipulated him.
Young Sam:
Last time you were here,
things were going well
with Eve.
So what happened?
Young Annalise:
I met someone else.
Who is it?
A man.
He's kind, caring,
handsome.
Problem is,
he's my therapist.
Who told you
Laurel owns that company?
♪♪
The FBI?
Are you working
with them?
No.
Do not lie to me
right now.
[ Pounding on door ]
♪♪
No.
[ Engine revs,
tires screech ]
Frank?
No, no.
[ Voice breaking ]
No, no, no, no, no.
[ Crying ] No.
Frank?
♪♪